	The things that I learned in the subject troubleshooting of computer systems are identifying the different parts, functions, its problems and solution 
and maintenance of a computer system. Computer systems have a lot of parts and its corresponding function which is really needed to get familiarize with. 
Whenever there is a problem in the computer I easily get panic and wouldn’t know what to do but later on I was able to know that there are many basic troubleshooting 
techniques you can use to fix issues like this. 
	Computer maintenance is also an important practice of keeping computers in a good state of repair. A computer containing accumulated dust and debris may not 
run properly. Dust and debris will accumulate as a result of air cooling. Any filters used to mitigate this need regular service and changes. If the cooling system is 
not filtered then regular computer cleaning may prevent short circuits and overheating. In maintaining the keyboard one must clean the keyboard, the crumbs, dust, and 
other particulate that fall between the keys and build up underneath are loosened by spraying pressurized air into the keyboard then removed with a low-pressure vacuum 
cleaner. A plastic-cleaning agent applied to the surface of the keys with a cloth is used to remove the accumulation of oil and dirt from repeated contact with a 
user's fingertips. If this is not sufficient for a more severely dirty keyboard, keys are physically removed for more focused individual cleaning, or for better access 
to the area beneath. Finally, the surface is wiped with a disinfectant. 
	For the monitor, a monitor displays information in visual form, using text and graphics. The portion of the monitor that displays the information is called 
the screen. Like a television screen, a computer screen can show still or moving pictures and it’s a part of Output Devices. There are two basic types of monitors: 
CRT (cathode ray tube) monitors and LCD (liquid crystal display) monitors. Both types produce sharp images, but LCD monitors have the advantage of being much thinner 
and lighter. CRT monitors, however, are generally more affordable. Fingerprints, water spots, and dust are removed from the screen with a cleaning wipe specialized for 
the screen type (CRT, LCD, etc.). A general plastic-cleaning agent is used on the outer casing, which requires a less gentle cleanser but may need more focused 
attention to unusual buildups of dust, grime, pen marks, etc. idiosyncratic to the user and environment. 
	Another basic part of the computer is the mouse. The top surface of the mouse is wiped with a plastic cleanser to remove the dirt that accumulates from contact
 with the hand, as on the keyboard. The bottom surface is also cleaned to ensure that it can slide freely. If it is a mechanical mouse, the trackball is taken out, 
not only to clean the ball itself, but to scrape dirt from the runners that sense the ball's movement and can become jittery or stuck if impeded by grime.
	Upon researching I’ve learned that there are two main components of system maintenance such as the preventive and corrective maintenance. Preventive 
maintenance involves routine tasks to ensure that your system is running optimally and to avoid problems before they arise. There are several preventative measures 
you can take, including installing Windows updates, scanning for viruses and malware, and running cleaning programs. Anti-virus and anti-malware scans should be run
at least once a week. Be sure to run updates for these programs whenever they released, as new viruses and malware spring up constantly. Keeping your network secure,
installing a firewall, and using safe downloading practices can protect your computer and any information on it from being compromised. Power surges and overheating
can destroy electronic equipment, so protect your hardware by investing in a surge protector and cleaning your equipment periodically to remove dust. Should any
preventative measures fail, it is always a good idea to have a backup for important files: Invest in an external hard drive to save any important files should your 
computer need replacing. 
	Corrective maintenance, commonly referred to as 'repair,' is the correction of a problem after the computer has already broken down. The goal of this form 
of maintenance is to restore operability to the system by either correcting the problem or replacing the damaged components. Common corrective measures involve 
removing viruses and malware, uninstalling harmful programs, reformatting, and running a system restore, among others. Many common computer problems are easily fixed 
and don't require an IT professional. To perform corrective maintenance, it is important to first diagnose the problem and figure out the root cause. If you are
 unsure of the cause or how to fix your problem, consulting an IT professional would be the best course of action. 
	There are many small steps one can take to optimize computer performance so it is faster and more reliable. Not having sufficient hard-drive space can slow 
down your computer significantly. Clear out hard-drive space by removing unnecessary programs and defragmenting your hard drive. Defragmentation helps speed up your 
computer and should be performed at least once a month. When you install new programs, you will often be presented with the option of having the program start 
automatically when you turn on the computer; sometimes, this is the default option. The more programs you have running automatically, the slower the performance 
of your computer, so you should disable this whenever possible. To make your Internet connection run faster, one of the simplest things you can do is to clear your 
Web history and delete temporary Internet files. The more often you perform these actions, the less time it takes, so try to aim for at least once a week. Spyware 
and malware can also be the cause of slow Internet speed. Make sure you have anti-malware programs installed, update them whenever necessary, and run a scan at least 
once a week. You can avoid spyware and malware by exercising safe downloading practices, such as downloading from reputable sites. If you are unsure of the safety or 
legitimacy of a program, run a Google search to see what information you can find, and it you're still in doubt, refrain from installing the program completely.
